# Introduction
Getting started on how to program is a difficult task. Do not be afraid. There is a lot of hard work involved, but this book is written to help make this journey relatively easy. The general flow of this book is as follows:

1. Before diving in and writing code, tools are required. Specifically a compiler toolchain. After a simple test script to ensure it is working for you, an informative introduction to profesionalism and online communities.
2. Grouping of code is introduced. This forms the very basics of how code is executed.
3. Variables, the way information is stored and how to manipulate them.
4. Statements, how code flows and is controlled based upon input.
5. Your environment. Discusses the command line and the environment around them. This introduces basic interfaces to communicating with the user as well a bit about how operating systems actually work.
7. Structs and unions. Grouping of information in memory to allow for more complex data hierachies.
8. More advanced form of grouping of information in memory using classes. Otherwise known as Object Orientated Programming (OOP).
9. Function and delegate pointers. How to pass around functions, to other functions!
10. Meta programming and attributes. How can I make it do something special based upon some input information?
11. Operator overloads, making those special statements and expressions do all sort of neat stuff for our own types.
12. Different kinds of programming languages and their uses.
13. Tooling
14. Designing large programs, what can possibly go wrong?
TODO: adds e.g. design patterns
TODO: idioms e.g. streams, ranges
TODO: what kinds of libraries are out there, pro/cons
15. What to do after this book?

TODO: doing other things e.g. sleeping is good to solve problems!

T> ## Create, Compile and Delete often!
T> CCD or Create, Compile and Delete often is a technique used to learn programming.
T> By creating code often, running it then delete you get to try out new techniques and language fetures quickly.
T> In fact parts of this book was written by content generated by such scripts.

T> ## Sleep
T> Yes, sleep is good for programmers.
T> It may not seem like it, but when you have a problem that you cannot solve try  doing other things or even sleeping!
T> It allows the brain to continue working on the problem for a longer period without worrying or wearing you out too much.